Yeah, forget about the past
Forget it, Gu Beichen
You abandoned me at the City Lord's Mansion
Then put all the charges
Pushed on me alone
Without a commander in chief
I would have died in the City Lord's Mansion long ago
Oh, dear.
Qin talk about Mei
Plum, don't push your luck
At that time, Beichen was the overseer
He can take you as a concubine
That is also the blessing of your coal melting
And now?
Also because of you
Beichen lost his position as overseer
Our family has also fallen into this state
What else do you want?
Because when I dealt with Lin Jingyun
Gu Beichen has no shortage of ideas, right?
Later, Lin Jingyun robbed the old home
You're going to blame everything on me
Okay, we're on the same side now
Only when that person becomes the commander-in-chief
We have a chance to distribute
Don't you want to get revenge on Lin Jingyun?
Hua Bai, I promise you
As long as Lin Jingyun is solved
I was in charge of the negative.
I only love you in my life
Lin Junyun
This time I must let you die without a burial
Gang Master, that money quilt really escaped
I see. OK. Go on.
It seems that someone inside you has turned against the water.